This is a longer story. It has several paragraphs.

Once upon a time, there was a young dragon living in a lush, ample
valley, nestled among the mountains. The dragon had a happy childhood,
growing up playing fun games with other dragon children, and being
taken care of well by his parents.

One day, the young dragon's wings finally grew big enough that he
could start to fly. What a wonderful experience! For the first time in
his life, he could gracefully sail over the tops of trees. (Small
trees, anyway. And his landings were not so graceful at first - that
would come later.)

Each day, he would practice flying - stretching his wings just a
little farther, practicing his take-offs and turns and glides and
landings. (He always tried to do that on soft ground.) This was very
tiring, but he didn't mind, because it was sooo much fun. Each night,
he would sleep very soundly, resting his flying muscles as he dreamt
of flying even higher and farther the next day.

It was a sunny day when he first saw it. He climbed the highest tree
he could find, and jumped from the top, to get more altitude
before making his way down. That was always the hardest part, you see
- getting far up from the ground. When his wings got tired and
wouldn't lift him any more, getting down safely was pretty easy; all
he had to do was glide.

But on this day, his practicing had paid off, and he flew higher than
ever before. So high up, that he was able to see over the peak of the
eastern mountain. Like all dragons, he had very sharp vision that
could see small details from far away. And what he saw was something
he had never seen before: a great castle, standing tall, with its
bright red bricks, gleaming towers, sparkling torch lights, and
colorful flags dancing in the wind.

He did not know all this, not yet. After all, he had never seen a
castle before, and didn't yet understand what he was seeing. But being
even more curious than other dragons of his age (and they do get very
curious when they spread their wings), he was fascinated and eager to
know more. He kept his altitude as long as he could flap his wings,
then glided down towards the valley center. He knew just the dragon to
ask about this marvelous discovery.
